Creating a strong culture of virtual collaboration is key to continued innovation 

DCU and NUIG research finds key principles of successfully embedding innovation in remote teams Research led by NUI Galway and DCU Business School has found the key principles of creating opportunities for innovation whilst teams work remotely. In a recent study of over 20 global organisations across industry sectors, including a mix of young, high-growth organisations and well-established global giants with both digital and physical offerings. Through interviews with senior executives, the study found that connecting for collaboration and connecting for dissent or contradiction - are both critical to enabling continued innovation. Professors Esther Tippmann (NUIG) and Pamela Sharkey Scott (DCU) with Mark Gantly (Adjunct Professor at NUIG and former President of the American Chamber of Commerce) found that leaders can embed opportunities for innovation in remote work by creating a virtual culture where new ideas arise, the most promising of which can be translated into innovative outcomes to help ensure the long-term success of the organisation. Organisations have traditionally relied on the dynamics of face-to-face, co-present teams to facilitate collaboration, which may happen in planned, formal meetings, or informally through “watercooler chats.” With remote working set to stay, business leaders will need to pivot their understanding of how innovation can take place remotely to support business growth. For continued innovation, leaders must deliberately connect themselves individually with employees, both within their team, within upward management and within the front line of the organisation. In the absence of spontaneous micro-engagements which can take place in a physical office, managers and leaders must turn their attention to connecting individually to facilitate the growth of innovation. The principles for innovation in remote teams uncovered in the research include: Connecting one to one: In the absence of face to face interactions, leaders must purposefully connect with their immediate team members one to one. One-to-one connections and conversations are essential for building the collaborative trust that then underpins innovation in remote teams, enabling team members to bring forward their opinions to generate innovation. Connecting to the Front Line: Front line workers in an organisation include administrators and sales representatives, who closely engage with customers. These team members are a critical source of information for innovation, due to their intimate knowledge of the end-user and customer. In order for these team members to willingly collaborate with leaders, business leaders must connect to these staff members. A Senior Vice President of a leading technology firm described how he uses the time previously spent flying to high level senior management meetings across the globe to attend more frequent, routine virtual meetings with senior managers as well as their front line staff. His regular interactions and increased accessibility to more employees across multiple levels encourages team members to more openly share their ideas and use such meetings as an opportunity to build the connection and collaboration that can drive innovation. Connecting Up: Executive-level support for new ideas and innovations is required in order to secure the resources to support rolling out a new idea. Whilst previously managers could connect to decision makers at physical meetings, innovators must now purposefully connect directly with decision makers when floating new ideas. One Executive Vice President described how he identified the best time in the CEO’s work routine to informally connect through a quick phone call. The research found that direct communication is highly important to give adequate airtime to ideas and avoid innovations being lost in a meeting agenda or busy email inbox. Connecting for Contradiction: Bringing together diverse points of view, skills and experiences is helpful to innovation but may sometimes give rise to tensions or differing opinions - which is in itself important to innovation. Technological tools such as virtual whiteboards do not yet replicate the dynamics of spontaneous debate in organisations. The research found that to achieve the tension and debate necessary for innovation in remote workplaces, leaders must deliberately polarise perspectives, juxtaposing and helping remote workers to transcend their perhaps siloed or isolated interests and to engage with the bigger picture. For this polarization of perspectives to be effective, leaders have to be skilful in animating and managing debate and acting as a pivot between the different perspectives. As the Director of Strategy of a major software multinational advised, ‘everything has changed in the last few years. Covid helped in some ways as a massive change was needed so that we could do what is needed. We have to be disruptive, we have to challenge everything we do. Change is the normal to grow’. DCU’s Professor Pamela Sharkey Scott commented, “We examined what the leaders saw as the long-term implications of the Covid-19 pandemic on their organisation and what leadership competences they identified as most important.  From this research it’s clear that innovation remains a high priority for multinational companies based in Ireland and elsewhere, and the identified principles of connecting to both collaborate and to contradict underpin successful innovation as remote working continues.” Dr Esther Tippmann, NUI Galway added, “Organizations have traditionally relied on the energy of co-present teams to stimulate ideas for innovation. Before the pandemic, many leading innovative organizations invested heavily in attractive workplaces, but office work had to be abandoned when the Covid-19 pandemic demanded an incredibly fast transition to remote working. Now, it is clear that remote working, in a managed way, is here to stay. With productivity goals being largely met, we found that many organizations find it challenging to embed innovation in their remote teams. So, the leadership principles for driving innovation in remote teams offer explicit guidance for leaders. While we studied multinationals located in Ireland, the principles are of relevance to all types of organizations where remote working is an integral part of the organisational model.” *This research took place over nine months involving 20 Irish-based multinational companies from young, high growth organisations to established organisations and across several industries. Interviews were conducted with respondents drawn from leadership roles such as site leads, directors and the C-Suite. 


﻿Article: Encourage bottoms-up innovation and not just innovation driven by management: Stella Joshua, Uber 

No result found, try new keyword!In this interview Stella Joshua Senior HR Business Partner Tech India Uber Technologies on how HR can rethink people strategy and enable innovation ...


﻿ARISE News Digital, Vbank, MTN, Ndani TV Others Shine at GAGE Awards 2021 

Sunday Okobi Arise TV News Online, MTN, Ndani TV, Mr. Macaroni were among the winner of this year’s edition of the GAGE Awards 2021. At this year’s GAGE Awards night, Arise TV News Online emerged the Online News Platform of the Year 2020/21. The event was a coming together of stars of internet Africa virtually to celebrate the great feats achieved by individuals and brands, which have made lives easier and better, especially in the year of the pandemic. At the show hosted by the ex-BBNaija star, Bisola, there were cameo appearances by top entertainers such as comedian Damola, Josh2Funny, BKB the Magician, Badboy Timz and teenage sensation Batya Anorh serenaded the audience with her amazing sound. In different categories, Nengi Hampson beat Erica Nlewedim, Pamilerin Adegoke, Aisha Yesuf and Tomike Adeoye to emerge the Africa’s best Influencer of 2020/21. This category was determined by public nominations and votes. The Big Brother Naija Lockdown season revelation has been on a steady rise as an Influencer since she left the BBNaija lockdown house bagging numerous endorsement deals with top brands. Meanwhile, the Banking App of the Year which was contested by top banks in Nigeria, such as GTBank, Access Bank, VBank, Alat by Wema and Zenith Bank, was won by Vbank, surprisingly defeating the already established traditional banks. The Online Comedian of the Year category was won by Mr. Macaroni, who emerged champion in that highly coveted category. “Mr. Macaroni has shown a lot of consistency with his ‘Sugar Daddy’ character which has brought joy to Nigerians,” the organisers said. Also, MTN Nigeria won the Data Service Provider of the Year category in a tight competition. “Data was instrumental to our survival during the pandemic and we saw an upsurge in the usage of more data in the thick of the pandemic for many reasons. This category was an audience choice category, and MTN can be proud of themselves as the people’s choice, wresting the crown from Airtel, who won last year,” they said. Other GAGE winners were Ndani Tv, which won the Content Creator of the Year; Fishbone the movie emerged the Online Film and Documentary of the Year; RED Tv’s series ‘The Men’s Club’ came tops in the Web series of the Year. However, DSTV Nigeria website won the Website of the Year among four other outstanding websites, while the podcast, ‘I Said What I Said’, won the Podcast of the Year category, and Nairametrics picked up the Blog of the Year among other top blogs. Mobile phone brand, Oppo, won the Online Campaign of the Year with its #ShotOnOppo campaign, which did not only engage the audience in 2020, but also met the brand marketing objectives. According to the organisers of the award, “One of the biggest awards on the night was the GAGE STAR Award which celebrated the most outstanding digital mind that revolutionalised the digital space with an interesting innovation that made life easier and simpler in 2020/21, was the Online Comic Act Josh2Funny.” “It made history by becoming the first ever GAGE Star Award winner. His ingenious idea #Don’tleavemechallenge went viral beyond the shores of Africa to become a global phenomenon. It brought joy to many in the grim year of the pandemic across the world. He is deserving of this recognition,” the organisers stated. This is the second edition of the GAGE Awards. It is a comprehensive celebration of individuals, groups and brands that have impacted lives by making life easier and better for all. GAGE Awards has been consistent in facilitating growth, driving innovation and attracting new talents to the digital space. Like this: Like Loading...


